chore: add reference to jump start (#346)
GoogleCloudPlatform/avocano: docs/README.md

* [I want to use the website.](user)
* [I want to configure the Django application.](django)
* [I want to configure the Google Cloud project.](admin)

> * [I want to deploy with Jump Start Solutions in Google Cloud.](https://pantheon.corp.google.com/products/solutions/details/dynamic-web-app)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [I want to deploy with Jump Start Solutions in Google Cloud.](https://console.cloud.google.com/products/solutions/details/dynamic-web-app)
```
